Holiday Calendar 2025

1. Overview
The company observes 12 mandatory public holidays and provides 2 optional/restricted holidays per year. The holiday calendar is published at the beginning of each calendar year. Employees are required to plan their leaves accordingly.

2. Mandatory Public Holidays 2025

January 26 - Republic Day
March 14 - Holi
April 14 - Dr. Ambedkar Jayanti
April 18 - Good Friday
May 1 - Maharashtra Day / Labour Day
August 15 - Independence Day
August 27 - Janmashtami
October 2 - Gandhi Jayanti
October 2 - Dussehra (subject to regional calendar)
October 21 - Diwali (Lakshmi Puja)
October 22 - Diwali (Padwa)
November 5 - Guru Nanak Jayanti
December 25 - Christmas Day

3. Optional / Restricted Holidays 2025
Employees can choose any 2 days from the following list of optional holidays based on their personal or regional preferences. Optional holidays must be applied through the HR portal at least 3 days in advance and are subject to manager approval.

January 14 - Makar Sankranti / Pongal
January 20 - Hazrat Ali's Birthday
February 26 - Maha Shivratri
March 31 - Id-ul-Fitr (Eid) (subject to moon sighting)
April 6 - Ram Navami
April 10 - Mahavir Jayanti
June 7 - Id-ul-Zuha (Bakrid) (subject to moon sighting)
July 6 - Muharram (subject to moon sighting)
August 9 - Raksha Bandhan
August 26 - Onam
September 5 - Teachers Day
October 20 - Karva Chauth
November 1 - Kannada Rajyotsava (for Karnataka employees)
November 15 - Diwali (Bhai Dooj)

4. Working on Public Holidays
Employees required to work on a mandatory public holiday are eligible for compensatory off to be availed within 60 days. Compensatory off must be approved by the reporting manager and submitted through the HR portal. Alternatively, employees may receive overtime pay at 1.5x the daily basic salary rate, subject to manager and HR approval.

5. Holiday Policy for Probationary Employees
Probationary employees are entitled to all mandatory public holidays. Optional holidays are available after successful completion of the probation period.

6. Regional Holiday Variations
Employees based in different states may observe state-specific public holidays in place of national holidays, subject to HR approval. Regional holiday variations must be communicated to HR at the beginning of the year.

7. Holiday Announcement
The HR department will send a holiday reminder email 3 days before each public holiday. The complete holiday calendar is available on the HR portal under the Policies section.

8. Changes to Holiday Calendar
The company reserves the right to modify the holiday calendar during the year due to business requirements or government notifications. Any changes will be communicated to employees at least 5 working days in advance.

9. Contact
For holiday-related queries, contact the HR department at hr@company.com or refer to the HR portal.
